#DeclareMaker
A small project which parses Apple Documentation html files into Xojo classes.

##How to use
###Default window:
Download the documentation of a class as html.  This can be done with Option-Return in Safari.  Then drag the downloaded file into the Green drop area in the DeclareMaker window.  The name of the class should appear in the Listbox to the right of the drop zone.  You may keep dropping new files (or a batch of files) to add them to the list.  When you are ready to export them as a Xojo project file, click Save and select a location to save the file.  You can clear the list of classes which will be generated by clicking on the "C" button in the top right of the window.

###Clipboard window
Copy a full selector from Apple documentation online into the text box and enter the name of the lib you want used in the declare. (The lib will be the name of the constant for the library used, for example if the declare is into the Foundation framework and you have a constant, const FoundationLib = "Foundation.framework", in your project to represent that framework, you type "FoundationLib" into the Lib text field).

###Manual Entry window
The HTML download of some classes cannot be parsed by DeclareMaker.  In these rare circumstances, you need to use the Manual Entry window to create the class instead.  The manual entry window lets you enter the selectors and properties manually so that you can still create the class.

###Delegate window
The Delegate window allows you to create a Xojo object that implements a delegate protocol by entering the selectors for the protocol into the window along with the desired name for the event raised in your Xojo project.  Because of the intricacies involved in creating delegates, you will have to incorporate the UIKit and Foundation Modules from iOSKit (https://github.com/kingj5/iOSKit) into your project to use any object created with the Delegate window.


Please feel free to modify and improve this project.  If you think you have changes that everyone should enjoy please submit them to be merged.

